IFN712 Research in IT Practice
Assignment 3C: Orally presenting a research paper
Time limit: 11-12 minutes
Weighting: 10%
Due date: Week 13  Workshop time (Tuesday to Friday)

Follow the following instructions to prepare your presentation based on your research paper. It's necessary to retain the structure of your paper but it should be modified to engage your audience and present the information in a more digestible and visually appealing way.

Title Slide: Include the title of your paper, your name, the name of cluster and supervisors.

Introduction: Summarize the reason for your study. Introduce the problem your research addresses, why it's important, and how your research fills a gap in the existing knowledge. Make it clear and engaging to capture the audience's attention.

Literature Review: Highlight the most important research that has been done in your area of study. This establishes the context for your work. Keep it brief and related to your study. Use diagrams or charts to help convey these previous findings.

Objective of the research: Clearly state the objective or the research question. 

Methodology: Describe your methodology briefly. Use visuals (like flow charts or diagrams) to illustrate your process so the audience can easily understand.

Results: Highlight the findings of your study. Use graphs, charts, and tables to effectively visualize your data. Remember to clearly explain these visuals during the presentation.

Discussion: Discuss the possible interpretations of your data. Relate your findings back to your research objective/question and discuss it in light of the findings from your literature review. This will give context to your results.

Conclusion: Summarize your findings and their implications. Discuss the potential applications of your work and any future research directions that could stem from your findings.

Highlights of research outputs
Acknowledgements and References: Acknowledge any funding sources or supervisors and other people who have helped you during the research process. Also, make sure to have references for your facts, figures or any copied content.

Remember, this is only a guide and your presentation can be adjusted to suit your specific needs, as long as your narrative is clear and engaging. More general tips include rehearsing beforehand, implementing meaningful visuals, ensuring your language is clear and accessible, and practicing good timing.

Please cite the most important references in the slides. 

You can prepare 11-12 slides to present at Week 13 workshop times. 

External links for research presentations

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hp7Id3Yb9XQLinks to an external site.


The presentation rubrics are based on the weights in three categories:

Contents/Quality of the paper (3%)
Slide design (3%)
Oral presentation and Questions and Answers (4%)