Assignment 2C: Presenting new results and findings slides submission link
Presenting your new results and findings
Slides  6-8
Weighting: 5%
Due date: Week 11 workshop times

Prepare 7 slides to present at Week 11 workshop time, including:

Slide 1: Cover : project title, name, major, supervisor, cluster name
Slide 2: Research question (original and revised)
Slide 3: Completed experiments and data collection work and data analysis work.
Slide 4-5: Main results (Texts, graphics, tables, figures etc)
Slide 6: Main findings and relation to the revised research question
Slide 7 Summary remarks and remining work
 

IFN712-Assignment 2: Progress report _2C
IFN712-Assignment 2: Progress report _2C
Criteria	Ratings	Points
Presenting new results and findings
5 pts
High Distinction
Clearly provided the revised or original research question and explained why changed or no change. Clearly outlined experiments/data collection work completed, which are reasonable. Well presented results with graphics, tables, figures etc. Outlined main findings and but not clearly discussed how the finding answer the revised/original research question Provided good summary remarks and remining work. The presentation is clear and effectively conveys the key points and information to the audience.
4.25 pts
Distinction
Provided the revised or original research question ,but did not explained why changed or no change. Outlined experiments/data collection work completed, which are reasonable. Presented results with graphics, tables, figures etc. Outlined main findings and but not clearly discussed how the finding answer the revised/original research question Provided good summary remarks and remining work. The presentation is clear and effectively conveys the key points and information to the audience.
3.75 pts
Credit
Provided the revised or original research question ,but did not explained why changed or no change. Outlined experiments/data collection work with limited details. Presented some results with graphics, tables, figures etc. The findings were outlined but not related to research question. Provided summary remarks, but not coherent. The presentation is mostly clear, effectively delivering the key points and information.
3.25 pts
Pass
Provided the revised or original research question , but the question is still unclear. Outlined experiments/data collection work without details. Presented limited results with graphics, tables, figures. The findings were outlined but not related to research question. Provided summary remarks, but not coherent. The presentations may lack clarity at times, making it challenging to effectively convey the key points and information
2.5 pts
Marginal Fail
Work provides evidence of limited and/or disconnected learning, which fails to demonstrate that this criterion has been achieved.
2 pts
Fail
Work provides evidence of minimal learning in relation to this criterion.
1.25 pts
Low Fail
Work provides little evidence of learning in relation to this criterion
0 pts
NE
No evidence provided.
/ 5 pts